docs: changelog and wiki updates for v8.0.0 release (#1312)
jbsparrow/CyberDropDownloader: CHANGELOG.md

- Allow downloading google docs files with a custom format by using a `format` query param
- Cloudflare stream support
- pCloud support
- MegaCloud support
- PimpBunny support
- HiAnime support
- Safe.Soul support
- Support for subfolders (MediaFire)
- Support for short URL formats (MediaFire)
- Support for subfolders (Dropbox)
- Support for alternative pixeldrain domains: `pixeldrain.net`, `pixeldra.in`
- Support for `pd.cybar.xyz` URLs to bypass pixeldrain daily limit
- The `--separate-post` and `--separate-post-format` options now work for tiktok posts
- CDL can now download private TikTok posts when using cookies
- New config option to download tiktok videos in original quality: <https://script-ware.gitbook.io/cyberdrop-dl/reference/configuration-options/settings/download_options#download-tiktok-src-quality-videos>
- New `--max-thread-folder-depth` config option: <https://script-ware.gitbook.io/cyberdrop-dl/reference/configuration-options/settings/download_options#maximum_thread_folder_depth>
- New `--ignore-coomer-post-content` config option: <https://script-ware.gitbook.io/cyberdrop-dl/reference/configuration-options/settings/ignore_options#ignore_coomer_post_content>

> - The `--ignore-coomer-ads` config option that affects all Kemono based crawlers (Coomer, Kemono & Nekohouse)

Author: ```suggestion
- The `--ignore-coomer-ads` config option now affects all Kemono based crawlers (Coomer, Kemono & Nekohouse)
```

- Support for subfolders (MediaFire)
- Support for short URL formats (MediaFire)
- Support for subfolders (Dropbox)
- Support for alternative pixeldrain domains: `pixeldrain.net`, `pixeldra.in`
- Support for `pd.cybar.xyz` URLs to bypass pixeldrain daily limit
- The `--separate-post` and `--separate-post-format` options now work for tiktok posts
- CDL can now download private TikTok posts when using cookies
- New config option to download tiktok videos in original quality: <https://script-ware.gitbook.io/cyberdrop-dl/reference/configuration-options/settings/download_options#download-tiktok-src-quality-videos>
- New `--max-thread-folder-depth` config option: <https://script-ware.gitbook.io/cyberdrop-dl/reference/configuration-options/settings/download_options#maximum_thread_folder_depth>
- New `--ignore-coomer-post-content` config option: <https://script-ware.gitbook.io/cyberdrop-dl/reference/configuration-options/settings/ignore_options#ignore_coomer_post_content>
- The `--ignore-coomer-ads` config option now affects all Kemono based crawlers (Coomer, Kemono & Nekohouse)

### Changed

- The recommended python version is now python 3.12+, to take advandage of eager tasks

> - Start scripts will automatically install a compatible python version using `uv`

Author: ```suggestion
- Start scripts will automatically install a compatible python version
```

- Start scripts no longer support 32bit systems
- Handle shared folders with single file as loose files (Yetishare)
- Increase default rate limit, from 10req/s to 25req/s
- Increase max concurrent bunkr downloads, from 1 to 3
- Parse full spec cookies from Flaresolverr responses
- CDL will no longer try to merge subtitles for HLS downloads. They will be downloaded as separate files
- Make requests with the same domain as the original input URL (saint2.su)
- Tiktok downloads use a new logic to create filenames and folders. Folder structure will be different from previous versions.
- CDL will now iterate over each file and subfolder recursively, instead of downloading an entire folder as a zip (dropbox)
- `--read-timeout` now accepts `None` as value. This will make CDL keep the socket connection open indefinitely, even if the server is not sending data anymore
- `--read-timeout` and `--connection-timeout` now accept fractions of a seconds as value (ex: `0.3`)
- `--read-timeout` and `--connection-timeout` now affect all requests CDL will make (flaresolverr requests, scrape requests and download requests)
- General performance improvements

### Deprecated

> - Support for v5 and v6 (config, database and auto-migration) is deprecated and will be removed in a future version

Author: ```suggestion
- Support for v5 and v6 (config, database and auto-migration) is deprecated and will be removed on the next major release
```
